Move FAQ from Toolkit (#63)
openforcefield/openff-docs: source/faq.md

A force field which uses the chemical identity of molecules to assign parameters needs to know the exact chemical identity of the molecule you are intending to parameterize.

[`Molecule`]: openff.toolkit.topology.Molecule
[`Topology`]: openff.toolkit.topology.Topology

:::::

:::::{faq-entry} Can I use an Amber or GROMACS topology/coordinate file as a starting point for applying a SMIRNOFF force field?

Amber and GROMACS topologies and coordinate files do not include enough explicit chemical information to apply a SMIRNOFF force field.
For example, bond orders are not present in either format; one could infer bond orders based on bond lengths, or attempt to infer bond orders from force constants, but such inference work would be error-prone and is outside the scope of SMIRNOFF.
PDB files that include all atoms in the model can be used in some cases (see next question).

> Amber and GROMACS topology and coordinate files can be [experimentally loaded] by Interchange for export to other MD engines, but this does not require the chemical information needed to apply a SMIRNOFF force field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amber and GROMACS topology and coordinate files can be [experimentally loaded] by Interchange for export to other MD engines, but this does not include the chemical information needed to apply a SMIRNOFF force field.
```

[`Interchange.to_openmm_system()`]: https://docs.openforcefield.org/projects/interchange/en/stable/_autosummary/openff.interchange.Interchange.html#openff.interchange.Interchange.to_openmm_system
[`ForceField.create_openmm_system()`]: https://docs.openforcefield.org/projects/toolkit/en/stable/api/generated/openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.ForceField.html#openff.toolkit.typing.engines.smirnoff.ForceField.create_openmm_system
[serializing to XML]: https://openmm.github.io/openmm-cookbook/latest/notebooks/cookbook/Saving%20Systems%20to%20XML%20Files.html
:::::

## Errors and Performance Issues

:::::{faq-entry} Why does partial charge assignment fail during conformer generation, even though my molecule has conformers?

Assigning partial charges with a quantum chemical method requires conformers, as they are an essential input to a quantum chemical calculation.
Because the charges assigned by a SMIRNOFF force field should be transferrable between systems, we default to generating our own set of conformers during charge assignment.
This requirement will become unnecessary for future SMIRNOFF force fields that use NAGL graph charges; see the [](#under-the-hood) section.

> To assign charges based on the provided conformer if conformer generation fails, first assign charges, then use the assigned charges during parametrization:

Reviewer: I get the message here, but the phrasing is (to me) not detailed enough on the specific point of "you can use the API to use _your_ conformer(s) if conformer generation fails." The `use_conformers` argument isn't explicitly called out in the sentences above and I think it'd be useful to call it out here, i.e.
```suggestion
To assign charges based on the provided conformer if conformer generation fails, you can use a `try:`/`except:` block and the `use_conformers` argument when assigning charges. These charges can then be used charges during parametrization with the `charge_from_molecules` argument:
```
